#Anon_ID	83165
#Gender	Female
#School_Type	Private
#School_Language	English
#Address	Dubai city
#Campus	DXB
#Course	GEN-140
#Section	513
#Handwritten	0
#DateAdded	2019-09-08 11:06:02
#DateLastSaved	2019-09-08 11:32:58
#Topic	Social Media
#Answer
 As technology developed, social media took a huge part of our daily life. Social media is a very broad feild, its content can be beneficial and non-beneficial. Social media includes applications such as snapchat, instagram, twitter, facebook, and etc. Social media affects individuals and societies in many ways that can be both good and bad.   Each individual uses social media in a different way. Some people use social media to keep in touch with friends and family memebers that live far away. Some other people use social media to expose themselves to people from other cultures and expand their knowledge of any topic they desire. In such cases, social media has a positive effect on the individual. On the other hand, there are some people that follow up with popular figures on social media that promote wrong ideas and influence their thinking in a way that does not suit the mindset that they grew upon. Social media makes it easier for bullys to bully people without an identity, this can lead to many mental illneses. Those examples illustrate how social media can effect an individual badly.   A group of individuals make up a society. Therefore, how social media effects the indivduals, it will effect the society as a whole. If the individuals used social media in a way that will add to them and inspire them to do more and to be better, the outcome will be a society full of positive energy and that will make it develope and provide next generations with a better future. Although, if individuals abused social media in bad manner, it will only make the society go backward in all aspects and that will effect their lives in a bad way.   All in all,  social media effect you depending on the way you use it. Moreover, the acts of individuls make up the full image of society. Individuals are responsible of either developing and society or demoloshing it.  
