#Anon_ID	97412
#Gender	Male
#School_Type	0
#School_Language	0
#Address	0
#Campus	AUH
#Course	GEN-140
#Section	908
#Handwritten	0
#DateAdded	2019-09-04 09:58:29
#DateLastSaved	2019-09-04 10:23:21
#Topic	Social Media
#Answer
                                                                                                    individuals and society  Social media in knowdays are all around the world. People can easily get connected to others by just entering a application such as: Whatsapp, snapchat, or instagram. The social media have some positive and negative affects on both individuals and society. It depends on how the person is using the application.  Social media has a positive affects on individuals when they are using it for education maybe such as making research, or gathering information through chating with other people who are realted to the topic they are making the research on. It can also be positive when they use it to watch people who are there to support people and gives them some instructions that makes their lives better. Social media has a positive affects on the society when all people maybe are connected in a whatsapp group, and they share ideas or videos that has some content that give people some ways in their life to be better, or somethings that may aware them from thing, such as: A virus that is spreaded in a link or program.  Social media will have a negative affect on the individuals and society when they will be using it in a wrong way. When kids will be spending time on social media to just watch videos such as how to play a currtain game, or how to make prank or activities, this will be a negative affect on the individuals because some of them have an addict to these programs, so they will not care about their education and homeworks. When individuals use social media to contact with other people who spread negativity between them, this is a bad affects. I see that the biggest bad affect that the social media made in the society is that people do not bother to see or meet each other anymore, they always prefer to stay at home and use the social media programs to contact with each other. The other negative affect is that when people are sat together in a coffee shop maybe or family gathering, all of them are playing with their phones, and forgeting that they are all sat together, and this makes the old people angry because their kids dont bother to talk with them, they are only playing with their phones.  According to my personal information, i see that social media affects people depending on the way they use it. Parents should always check on their kids on how they are using the programs, just to make a better society that spreads postivity.
