#Anon_ID	82248
#Gender	Female
#School_Type	Private
#School_Language	English
#Address	Abu Dhabi city
#Campus	AUH
#Course	GEN-140
#Section	41
#Handwritten	0
#DateAdded	2019-09-01 11:25:54
#DateLastSaved	2019-09-01 11:50:12
#Topic	Social Media
#Answer
In a world of change, a world of continous ongoing movements, technology has prospered to reach levels never reached before. It consumes our daily habits, routines, and ways of living. Though it proved to be a tool that guides humanity towards a promising future, it does come with its own drawbacks and negativities.   One of its branches being the media has tremendously changed throughout the years, as it started with the radios to televisions to phones nowadays, to give a voice to those unheard, whether it being awareness of minorities or promoting ideas with the power of affecting fractions of the world at once.   Social media has provided the chance of connecting between individuals, societies, countries, and cultures. Though these connections proved to be an amazing way of eliminating barriers, it also gave chances to those spreading malice to affect larger groups of individuals at once. A simple message spouting ideas could be read by millions and cause them to either be affected positively or negatively. Simplest of examples would be those individuals with strong attachment to the environment, they would use social media to spread awareness at a greater scale across the world to make people see what the world is coming to and what they could do to stop it. But not everyone has such good motives. For some would try to encourage everyone to break the law and wreak havoc simply because they have the power to do so.  Social media is a powerful yet dangerous place, for it attracts those with weak spirits to its entrances with disguises of wealth and happiness. Those thinking that wealth is equated with power would find themselves stealing, pretending, and faking just to get the satisfaction of receiving other people's envy and supposed respect.    It is a never ending cycle of observing, communicating, and giving back. It is up to us to decide if we would use it to make our world a better place, or participate in the event of bringing it to its ultimate doom.
