#Anon_ID	95365
#Gender	Female
#School_Type	Private
#School_Language	English
#Address	Abu Dhabi emirate, outside the city
#Campus	AUH
#Course	GEN-140
#Section	24
#Handwritten	0
#DateAdded	2019-09-04 14:01:14
#DateLastSaved	2019-09-04 14:22:25
#Topic	Social Media
#Answer
Impacts of social media       Over the past few years, a huge improvement and growth of social media has been noticed in the society. Social media is a source of entertainment, communication, and an important source to benefit from. Social media affects individuals and the society in many ways, positively and negatively.       individuals all over the world use social media, kids, teenagers, and adults. social media has a very positive impact on the society. one effect is that social media has become the number one source of entertainment worldwide. people spend their free time scrolling through social media applications to have some fun. another useful use of social media is that it is a really convenient and fast source of communication. it makes it easier for people all around the world to communicate and be in touch in only a matter of seconds. social media is also a main source of news. people who are interested in knowing the latest international and national news, can do so anywhere at anytime.         Besides all the positive effects social media has on individuals and the society, it also has a negative impact on people. After the growth of social media, people became less in contact with their family and friends in real life, it has taken all of their time and there are no face to face interactions anymore. Another major effect of social media on kids and teenagers is cyber bullying. With the constant use of social media for majority of their time, teenagers are facing alot of harmful things over the social media applications without the knowledge of their parents and family members. they are being bullied or can get in touch with some dangerous online predators.          social media have become a major part of our life. its a source of entertainment and communication, and has many beneficial uses. it has a big impact on individuals and societies, but if we use it wisely it will not harm us and effect us negatively.
