#Anon_ID	83598
#Gender	Female
#School_Type	Private
#School_Language	English
#Address	Abu Dhabi city
#Campus	AUH
#Course	GEN-140
#Section	37
#Handwritten	0
#DateAdded	2019-09-02 09:36:52
#DateLastSaved	2019-09-02 09:59:35
#Topic	Development
#Answer
                                      Garden in the Desert          The UAE is currently the leading country in surpassing past achievements; setting new standards to development. For even amidst the desert sand, a tree grew to then form a garden of them, shaping our society and culture to expect the unexpected. Furthermore, the UAE has broke down the walls to many barriers to being successful.             Sheikh Zayed AlNahyan, the finest of all rulers, was able to build love in each citizens heart which then allowed him to use that love to better this spectacular country. For it's the steps he took that made each person take pride and want to take his country to the top ranks. So till this day, the people in the UAE still strive to accomplish the unaccomplished. For example, Masdar city is a city that uses no electricity; however, uses solar energy in order to light up streets, buildings, and even food trucks. Not only that, but the UAE has managed to break down borders built to put woman down, but managed to build towers that could lift woman up. To add to that, the awareness found in the UAE is like no other, for especially this year, the year of tolerance, was named to help showcase a topic that's been discussed worldwide. Furthermore, the love built years ago by his Highness Sheikh Zayed, still beats through each person's heart making them proud yet still wanting more for this wonderful garden in the desrt.               In conclusion, no accomplishment will be the last, for in this land of pride nothing feels as if it's enough. Seven emirates beat with one heart, all running to win in this race of countries trying to surpass the other. But in the end, it is the country which finds itself building its pillars on a wise mans words and a nation with an open heart winning.
