#Anon_ID	84846
#Gender	Female
#School_Type	Private
#School_Language	English
#Address	Dubai city
#Campus	DXB
#Course	GEN-140
#Section	512
#Handwritten	0
#DateAdded	2019-09-08 09:37:05
#DateLastSaved	2019-09-08 10:03:49
#Topic	Social Media
#Answer
   Social media is so important to people nowadays, and it has a huge affect on people and society. Social media is consisted of apps that people can chat or share posts through such as Snapchat, Whatsapp, Instagram, and so on.Social media has both positive and negative affects on peoples life. Although negative affects are more than the positive one's, but still their are positive affects that help the society.     Negative affects has a huge impact on society that ristricts and ruins peoples lives. Examples of negative affects are: first, spending lots of hours on social media apps checking others posts and chatting with friends that affects your vission. Another affect is not spending time with family, lack of excersice which makes you obese and with bad health, chatting with strangers that might steel you, as well as affecting the childs life by spending many hours on videos with lack of good information which might even make the child a more introvert person than an extrovert one. People getting affected by bloggers and famous people and buying the things they buy and eating the food they eat instead of having their own personality, teenagers viewing eighteen plus and abusive contents that might lead to problems in the future. However, even if social media has negative impact on people it also have a positive impact on indvidual and society. Some of the positive affects is easily finding the information you need by searching through the internet, learning about new cultures and traditions, easily chatting with friends and face time calls.     In conclusion, social media have been a part of peoples life and it has an affect on peoples lives, social media has both negative and positive impact on the society so people should learn to how to deal with it in good way.  
