#Anon_ID	91170
#Gender	Female
#School_Type	Private
#School_Language	English
#Address	Abu Dhabi city
#Campus	AUH
#Course	GEN-140
#Section	27
#Handwritten	0
#DateAdded	2019-09-02 10:02:25
#DateLastSaved	2019-09-02 10:26:27
#Topic	Social Media
#Answer
(C)  These past few years have been a huge advantage for technology since they are the years that technology has changed and developed, and one of these developments that came from technology was Social media.  Social media have been here since the start of 21st century therefore the beginning of a new era. There are many ways Social meida could effect individuals as well as a society, could be advantages and diadvantages. Many people may consider social media as a good way of expressing yourself and your beliefs but others see how it could effect people to have a extreme high standard of living a lifestyle that they cant afford or is not for them.  Therefore people could get affected by social media in a way thats unhealthy and could actually mentally damage them, for example the beauty standard thats aiming towards teenage girls that they should always look representable, thin, and beautiful could lead to mental illness like anorexia, bulimia and depression because they could never be the pictures of the girls that are social media.  There are also many advantages to social media where people could actually voice their beliefs and opinions rather than being scilenced, could be politically, comedically or even just talking about your day and expressing your emotions. Its a good way of venting to other people, or just putting it out there. social media is also greta for raising awareness and letting people know whats going on in the world, for example the climate change thats been happening and the near extinction of turtles because of plastic which by raising awareness in social media it  decreased the use of plastic straws. Which made society and the individuals aware of their surroundings rather than living in their own little bubble.  In conclusion social media has its advantages and disadvantages on society and in individuals.    
