#Anon_ID	96479
#Gender	Female
#School_Type	Government
#School_Language	Arabic
#Address	Abu Dhabi emirate, outside the city
#Campus	AUH
#Course	GEN-140
#Section	42
#Handwritten	0
#DateAdded	2019-09-04 14:02:20
#DateLastSaved	2019-09-04 14:21:10
#Topic	Social Media
#Answer
How do social media affect individuals and society?  Did you know that most of the people toady can not live without using social media programs? this essay examines how do social media affect individuals and society. I believe that social media has two sides , positive effect and negative effect.  First, this paragraph focuses on how social media affect individuals in negative and positive way. Social media programs has made a lot of changes these days,it is improved the individuals knowledgement. For example, There are many accounts and bloggers that share a lot of good informations about a different topics on a funny way, and when the user read it or see it his knowledge increase , and I saw that on my self. Furthermore, Social media help a lot of people on thier projects and offer an easy ways to earn money. For instance,a lot of emiratie families has started thier own project, such as selling food , or homemade clothes and other items . On the other hand, social media make the individuals more inscure and antisocials. For example, a lot of people now a days do not like to hung up with thier families or meet thier friends on the real life , they just hung up on the group chats which make thier relationships weak.  Second, this paragraph focuses on how social media affect the society. After the social media appears a lot of things on the society has changed. For instance, the way of shopping and ending your work on any company has become easier and faster, you can end all of this on just a few minutes because of social media programs. Also, social media programs affect negatively on the society. For example, the apperance has become the first thing on the society, which make the people under pressure to always looks good and luxury just to snap it and be a part of the social media society.  To conclude, Social media is a  dangeours place that you have tu use it wiedly , and a very helpful place on the other hand.
