#Anon_ID	87682
#Gender	Female
#School_Type	Private
#School_Language	English
#Address	Dubai city
#Campus	DXB
#Course	GEN-140
#Section	509
#Handwritten	0
#DateAdded	2019-09-02 13:40:55
#DateLastSaved	2019-09-02 14:10:13
#Topic	Social Media
#Answer
Social media is a big element in people's lives, whether they're children, teenagers or adults. When people go out to eat, they instagram it. When they go to an amusement park, they snapchat it. It has almost become a habit to pick up your phone and take a photo of your plate the minute it gets to your table. Whether it's to update their profile or keep up with other people, we always find ourselves refreshing and switching between apps to make sure we're up to date with everyone and everything. However, what some people turn a blind eye to is the enormous negative affect and influence social media has on us.  There are different types of social media apps but they all share one thing in common. People use it to showcase their lives on the internet. It could be a selfie, a landscape photo or what they had for lunch. On the other hand, it's mostly selfies that take over those feeds. It could seem like an innocent photo a celebrity or social media infleuncer shared of themselves. What they don't realize is the thoughts they're planting in people's heads, especially teenagers. Social media sets an unrealistic standard of beauty in our society. For instance, when Kylie Jenner got her lips done and shared a selfie, it had so many negative comments of people not supporting her choice. Yet just a few weeks later, our feeds were filled with people that were replicas of Kylie. Somehow, big lips turned into a beauty standard in the matter of a few weeks, all because of a selfie.   Social media could also be a place for people to sell products and pay influencers to sponsor them. You can't deny it, if you saw your favorite celebrity or influencer post about a product them claim to "love", you'd want to get it too. At the end of the day, it could be the reason they have clear skin or a thin body. There were some beauty supplements that went around for a while. Many infleuencers had this company's back and posted their products claiming they have used them and have lost weight. That was until the supplements had to be taken off the website and tested again by scientists. Those piils were making people lose weight so rapidly, increasing their chances of serious illnesses and diseases. Yes, it made them lose weight. However, it probably took a few years off of their lives. People don't necessarily buy those pills to be affected by them. By promoting those brands and pills, it gives people the idea that being thin is so important. It's so important that you need to take pills to lose it very fast. This is another example of the unrealistic beauty standards that are being forced on many people, mostly teenagers. They are made to believe that having a thin, skinny body is what makes people beautiful. It could lead to multiple eating disorders. We should be more aware of the affect it has on us.  In conclusion, we usually turn a blind eye to the negative affect society has on our mental health and self esteem just to convince ourselves that it's right to do this and support our favorite celebrities. We should also train ourselves to not be affected by what we see so much. Not everything we see on social media is true. A person's social media account is basically just a highlight of their life, not all of it. 
