#Anon_ID	87760
#Gender	Female
#School_Type	Private
#School_Language	English
#Address	Abu Dhabi city
#Campus	AUH
#Course	GEN-140
#Section	24
#Handwritten	0
#DateAdded	2019-09-04 14:01:16
#DateLastSaved	2019-09-04 14:28:54
#Topic	Social Media
#Answer
                                                                                                                           Social Media  Social media is a platfrom that joins billions of people together and kill the thousands of miles seperating them from each other. In the 21st era, social media has become an important part of our lives. Some even gain their living off of social media. Although it seems like something positive, it can show a huge amount of negativity in our lives. Social media can be used as a lethal weapon or a helping hand. It all depends on the way people choose to use it.   If your friend is studying away from home and thousands of miles are seperating you from each other, the only place where you will feel reconnected is most probably on social media platforms. You could open Skype, and suddenly all the distance is minimized and your friend is only one click away. You could see each other using the camera and hear each other and it would be like you've never been apart. Social media can also be used as a tool to spread awarness about any issue concerning the well-being of our world. Recently, social media platforms are full with news about the fire in the Amazon forests. Using this simple tool, the whole world became engaged in a huge issue effecting our environment. We all put our hands together and did whatever we can to save our Earth. Some people filmed themselves while picking trash from the sea. Others started using steel straws for drinking, instead of using plastic straws and throwing them after. These are all positive ways to use social media.     On the contrary, Social media can be used as a lethal weapon. It can be used to break up relationships between families or friends. On an early morning, a family gathers for breakfast on one table but there is not one laugh heard. This is because the parents are busy with their phones and the kids are scrolling down Instagram or chatting with their friends. Social media can also be used to hurt others or spread rumors about somone and ruin their image. Usually, teenagers are responsible for these kind of acts in what we call "Cyber Bullying". Some kids expose their friends' secrets on social media platforms or start spreading rumors about them. At this stage of their lives, teenagers are affected by these things greatly. This act or behavior makes the person that is being bullied feel weak and helpless. This also affects how they do in class and may bring down their grades. Some kids even attempt suicied because they do not feel welcome into this world anymore.  Social media has two completely different sides. It all depends on the way we choose to use it. We need to be careful while using social media platforms and try to spread postive energy while using them. 
