#Anon_ID	81303
#Gender	Female
#School_Type	Private
#School_Language	English
#Address	Dubai city
#Campus	DXB
#Course	GEN-140
#Section	512
#Handwritten	0
#DateAdded	2019-09-08 09:37:24
#DateLastSaved	2019-09-08 10:03:32
#Topic	Social Media
#Answer
Using social media increased gradually within most of the socities. There are both positive and neagtive impact of using social media within individuals. Nowadays, socities, peoples are using social media to communicate easily with people around the world. I believe that teenagers are the most people using social media in the way they use in their free times to free up their stress within school or university work. Parents before were nervous about why their child play video games but now everything had changed and internet show up which they are more worried.      Firstly, social media allow individuals to easily look what is going around them by entering for example, Instgram app and look up breaking new or he/she is intersted in fashion so they look up category fashion and see what is new in shops maybe it is her taste and so on.       Secondly, social media made it easy to communicate within people all around the world by using developed app. in addition, social media allow people to learn and understand different countries cultures that it is intersted to he/she. Learning different culture allow individuals to enhance their knowledge and be familier with differnet countries culture. Learning new stuffs allow the individual to give better opinions in differnet sectors within its own country and develop countries economics, hospitality and etc...       Thirdly, In my opinion using social media in your free times is much better than sitting and do nothing, because the brain must have an activity going on and brainstorm things surronding the perosn.      In conclusion, social media has a great impact in our daily life usage because life has changed and population increased exponantially so social media made it easy to commuinacte with different people all around the world.
