#Anon_ID	98148
#Gender	Female
#School_Type	Government
#School_Language	Arabic
#Address	Abu Dhabi city
#Campus	AUH
#Course	GEN-140
#Section	24
#Handwritten	0
#DateAdded	2019-09-04 14:01:13
#DateLastSaved	2019-09-04 14:26:45
#Topic	Social Media
#Answer
                                                                                                                                                       Social Media And The Affect It Has On Our Lives  Ever since the cyber world has surfuced and the internet has become a household must, social medias have started to appear in many forms. Currently, its one of the most prominent and dominent form of communication as it helps people connect to others from all around the world. It's easy access and simple looks made it into a billion dollar industry and made it's creators into one of the most richest people on earth.  The 21st century has been named the technological era, because of how we changed and transformed simple things into mechanical beasts, one of the main things that have been affected heavly is the communications sector as it turned from being a slow moving expensive act into the exact opposite. But as everything that develops, it starts to form some negative affects. Social Media has became such a toxic platform for many people, as lots of negativity has begun to be released from it.   The biggest way it has affected our lives is by turning people into loners, teens nowadays are stuffed in their rooms with their eyes glued to screens, and their either scrolling through instagram or watching videos on youtube, it has made lots of teens have social problems, as they start to distance themselves from life outside their four walls. You can witness this affect by watching them present at school, some have lost all their confidence in speaking in front of their peers, as they gotten used to communicating with them over text.   Another way it has affected our lives is by making standerds on many things like weight, looks and even items. This has made users become more self-concious and made them work harder into changing who and what they are just to be able to fit in.   But on the other hand, it had many positive affects on us, as it made the road into learning other cultures and meeting new people easier and cheaper, as access to social media has become free and simple, with one click u can make a profile and start chatting with either new people or old friends your dying to connect with.  In my opinion, the positive affects of social media outweights the negative affects by a lot, if you surround yourself with the correct people and access benefitial programs you will rarely come across all the negativity.
