#Anon_ID	84446
#Gender	Female
#School_Type	Private
#School_Language	English
#Address	Dubai city
#Campus	DXB
#Course	GEN-140
#Section	525
#Handwritten	0
#DateAdded	2019-09-01 15:09:49
#DateLastSaved	2019-09-01 15:32:14
#Topic	Social Media
#Answer
Through out the years, new generation have come carrying new things, new developments and yet more to come.Social media is one of the things that has come to our world, society and minds, it took all of our attention through out the years. Social media made things easier for everybody, social media reunited friends and family whom are thousands of miles away as well as for lazy people. Social media has negative and positive points like any other things in this world.  Social media impacted people in different ways, it's negativities may hurt others mentaly and physicaly. Some use the application in a bad way, but some aren't aware of what and how they use these applications and by that we mean elders and others. Cyber bullying is the main negative point in social media, it made many people commet suiside in different ways, it made people stop their careers,or,stop eating like the way they use to and, many other stuff. It also have an impact on society, creating problems between countrys, cities and many other stuff that us, the society, doesnt have to do something with it.  Stealing information is something common that we see everywhere, the main cause of it is us the users, posting our private informations in any website or even application, can cause us to loseing what we have. Hacking is the same way around, stealing photos, credit card information which we aren't supposed to post it or save it anywhere in our devices, getting our personal information such as street or adress which leads to house stealing when this is another case to open.  Posting plane tickets on instagram, twitter, facebook, or any other applications, can lead us also to problems with our private information. People use these stuff due to show off to people, or even maybe to have fun which there's nothing fun about posting our personal information. People have to learn and know the wrong things that could happen with anything we use.  As mintioned before, everything has negativity and positivity, that doesn't mean that social media is harmeful for everybody, people who can use it and have the full knowledge about how to use it,  they won't find any problems. Use the social media carefuly and don't post anything on it, it can come around you and cause you problems more than you think.
