#Anon_ID	85028
#Gender	Female
#School_Type	Private
#School_Language	English
#Address	Dubai city
#Campus	DXB
#Course	GEN-140
#Section	530
#Handwritten	0
#DateAdded	2019-09-16 15:39:40
#DateLastSaved	2019-09-16 16:09:30
#Topic	Social Media
#Answer
How do social media affect individuals and society?  Social media has a very big impact on the people in our society. In the old times, when families choose to go out to eat together, they would enjoy every minute of it because they interact with one and other and get to know each other more. Nowadays people cant go out to eat without taking a picture of their food first and posting it online, whether its instagram or snapchat or even twitter. They tend to feel the need to go online every couple of minutes and forget that they are eating together because they are too busy with their social lives rather than their real ones. Social media is not intirely negative, it has positive aspects such as communication. People can talk to friends they havent seen in a long time or even friends that graduated with them and still want to keep in touch. However, the negative impact of social media is just sad. It's really dissapointing to see people always on their phones and rarely not using them. When I'm at family gatherings and see everyone just staring at their phones and not communicating with one another I get really emotional, Is social media really making us communicate with people or is it just a distraction that takes us away from our real lives and enter fake ones where people comment nice things on each others posts when in reality they dont stand each other. Social media affects individuals in many ways, a person could be popular onilne but have no friends or could be famous yet feel so lonely. Everyone has social media, but how and why you use social media is in your hands.  In conclusion, Social media is a nice way to communicate with others and make new friends, but there are bounderies and certain times where people should not always use their phones to go on social media. People should restrict themselves and think more about their real lives rather than their online ones.
