#Anon_ID	98795
#Gender	Female
#School_Type	Government
#School_Language	Arabic
#Address	Abu Dhabi emirate, outside the city
#Campus	AUH
#Course	GEN-140
#Section	24
#Handwritten	0
#DateAdded	2019-09-04 14:01:15
#DateLastSaved	2019-09-04 14:28:20
#Topic	Social Media
#Answer
                                                                                                                                     ( Social media )  Who doesn't own social meadia accounts nowdays? I think that it is one of the most important issues these days ! Everyone use it as an everyday routine, either adults, kids or teenagers ..  As you know social media can affect us in so many different ways , it has a lot of advantages on each society, first, it is the best way to communicate with your friends and family, it can save a lot of time and money instead of using phone calls or visiting them. Next, you can get some new knowledge by looking to other countries cultures from posts that people share from all around the world ! also you can learn new languages by getting new friends from different countries. finally it made our life much easier ! with social media you can know about online shopping applications or websites so you can shop when you are at home ! no need to go to malls or shopping centers. There are much more advantages about social media that you can find and explore by yourself..  on the other hand, of course it has to be some disadvantages about social media applications, one of the biggest disadvantages is the less amount of moving ! some of us can sit with thier phones checking Instagram, snapchat, twitter and facebook .. for a lot of time ! it could take between 3-6 hours daily !. Also wastng time is a big issue too, we can cancel some of our important daily plans or work only to stay online with friends or family, another thing that we suffer from social media is lack of sleep ! sleep hours become lesser after using social media, we stay up all night only to be connected to the world for 24 hours!  In conclusion social media is a good thing to our society when we manage it in the right way, otherwise it's too harmful to us..
