#Anon_ID	81723
#Gender	Female
#School_Type	Private
#School_Language	English
#Address	Dubai city
#Campus	DXB
#Course	GEN-140
#Section	505
#Handwritten	0
#DateAdded	2019-08-28 15:25:20
#DateLastSaved	2019-08-28 15:55:37
#Topic	Social Media
#Answer
As we all know everything now a days is a technological base, and most of use uses social media to communicate with others and to to know what happens all around the world. Everything has its positive and negative side so if we started thinking about how social media contributed or affected our society we will find tuns of positive and negative out comes. As an example social media made communication much easier so distance wont be a significant barrier between family and friends. As well as being able to keep up with all things that happening all around the world. One of the negative effects that social media is an on-line based application so it consumes a lot of energy which is the inter-net especially electricity and that is conducted from the trees in addition it contributes in global worming.   Social media is the easiest way of communication.Most of the humman beings use social media to interact with each other. As an example I personally use social media to communicate with my friends that are studying abroad. I keep up with them since we are living in different places and countries. Family's that migrated from their countries use it as a way to see their beloved through out social media. In addition it made communication with new people no longer an issue.   Internet, technology and social media is helping in causing global worming. Electricity is a main form of energy and internet uses electricity as power source. The elecrticty that is used is conducted from trees and causes CO2 to be spreded more often that helps in destroying the atmosopher layer.   In the conclusion, social media has its advantages and disadvantages. People may agree thats the best way of comunicatingm and infulincing others and some will disagree. Everyone chooses the way that they use it   
