#Anon_ID	94052
#Gender	Female
#School_Type	Government
#School_Language	Arabic
#Address	Dubai city
#Campus	DXB
#Course	GEN-140
#Section	514
#Handwritten	0
#DateAdded	2019-09-08 13:43:54
#DateLastSaved	2019-09-08 14:00:25
#Topic	Social Media
#Answer
                                                                                                 Social Media And It's Affect              Social media has been the main thing in our lives nowadays, everyone and in all different ages is using social media in almost everything and it has gotten to a point where our days can't function properly without social media. We use it to communicate, to calculate, to navigate, and to help us in many other things whether it was necessary or not. And without further a do, let's get to how it affects us, as individuals and as a whole community.             First I'll start by saying social media is addictive, people get addicted to using social media whether they were young or old. Moreover, that leads us to the first affect on individuals, social media might get us addicted to the point where we get distracted, frustrated and worried without it, the intensity of this might change from a person to another but it still is affecting to most people. On the other hand it can have a positive affect too, like functionuning during the day more efficiently and quickly, we calculate faster, we don't get lost and we contact our loved ones more easily.              Being an individual is also being a part of a community, there are small communities or big communities, small like a group of friend or family, big like a whole country or reigon. Therefor whatever an individual goes through or does might also affect the whole community he's in. Now we all are individuals and social media has it's affect on us as individuals already, but how did that affect us as a whole community then? First as families or group of friends we started getting distant and distracted with our phones and social media accounts during gatherings. But if we look at it from a wider perspective, as a whole community in a country, the positive affect is taking over since we connect to the outer world faster and we share our cultures more openly, that made our civilizations connected and it took a bigger step into creating better generations.           In conclusion, having social media in our lives will surely have it's affect on us whether we wanted it or not, I personally think it's not something we control. But we are all in this together so taking in the affect from social media doesnt matter but what actually matters is how we take it in, do we choose to make is a positive affect? or a negative one? becuase in this, it's all up to us and what we choose.
