#Anon_ID	81953
#Gender	Female
#School_Type	Private
#School_Language	English
#Address	Dubai city
#Campus	DXB
#Course	GEN-140
#Section	510
#Handwritten	0
#DateAdded	2019-09-02 15:09:07
#DateLastSaved	2019-09-02 15:38:27
#Topic	Social Media
#Answer
topic (c)  Social media is a method used to socialize with people around the world in different ways. Social media has a broad category and is frequently used nowadays. Whatsapp, Snapchat, Instagram, and Facebook are some of the popuplar examples of social media. Moreover, individuals and societies are impacted positively and negatively by social media based on the way they're being used.  To begin with, social media has a positive impact on the individual. For instance, it helps people get in touch with each other at anytime and anywhere at the speed of light. You can do your job and finish your group projects by being in contact with your group members through social media from your own house without gathering to do it together, this helps save time and other resources such as car fuel. Furthermore, social media can entertain you in times when you are bored and you have nothing interesting to do. For instance, you can video call your friend in your free time and enjoy your break without wasting your time doing nothing. In addition, social media can impact you negatively by wasting your valuable time in which you can be productive and achieve something.  Social media has a positive impact on the society as well. For example, some company's offer you online shopping through social media such as Instagram, which hepls you save time and shop from your location without wasting your car's fuel and leaving your house while your not in the mood to. Moreover, governments nowadays spread the news via social media which is a place where everyone is active, so the news will be seen by almost everyone.  In conclusion, social media became an important thing in our lives nowadays, and people can't live without it. Also, it has both positive and negative influences on the individuals and societies in several ways.  
