#Anon_ID	88780
#Gender	Female
#School_Type	Private
#School_Language	English
#Address	Dubai city
#Campus	DXB
#Course	GEN-140
#Section	513
#Handwritten	0
#DateAdded	2019-09-08 11:06:28
#DateLastSaved	2019-09-08 11:36:32
#Topic	Social Media
#Answer
How do you communicate with your family and friends? By sending a handwritten letter and wait 3 days for the reply? May I also ask you how do you get to know the daily news? Is it by reading the newspapers witha cup of coffee every morning? Well, both of us know the answers to these questions and it's through social media. Social media has developed enormous number of users, but it has its positive and negative affects on indivisuals and society as well.  The social media has become used by indivisuals all around the world, which I can say it had made life much easier. Do you remember the first question I asked about how do you communicate with other people? Social media had made it easier to keep in touch where you can say hi just by clicking the send button on your phone and he/she can reply the same way or by starting a video call! thats amazing right? Moreover, you are able to read the news online and know people's opinions about it. Also, if you're too lazy to check the news everyday, you can just subscribe to any newspaper you like and get notifications about what's happening now.   The intensive use of social media nowadays doesnt mean that it doesnt have a negative side. One of these effects can be social isolation where you no longer communicate with people face-to-face, but instead prefer to chat online. this may cause several mental illnesses such as anxiety, and depression. People of the society will no longer have strong connection as before. for example, family members will be isolated each in his/her room. They may only see each other once in a day on the dinner table. and this really affects the bond between them.  Social media has a huge impact on our lives and affected it in both positive and negative way. personally, i think the negative effects are more than the positive ones.  
