#Anon_ID	94976
#Gender	Female
#School_Type	Private
#School_Language	English
#Address	Abu Dhabi emirate, outside the city
#Campus	AUH
#Course	GEN-140
#Section	24
#Handwritten	0
#DateAdded	2019-09-04 14:01:12
#DateLastSaved	2019-09-04 14:22:03
#Topic	Social Media
#Answer
Title: Affects of social media on individuals and society  In the past years, some programs were created and emerged in the world for individuals to use as a tool for communication and they were named as social media programs. These programs are: Snap chat, Instagram, Whatsapp, etc. These programs had a great effect on both individuals and society on both ways negatively and positively.   For the positive aspect, social media facilitated the way of communication. It made easier for individuals in the society to communicate with other individuals through these programs by calls or even texts. People started using these apps beacuse, other than its easy to use, it also offers free phone and video calls so people wont have to pay for the companies that offer payed calls. Moreover, social media programs made it easier for people to spread information or spread aspects of cultures. Social media programs made it easy for people to access information from individuals all over the world and that helped in the increase of globalization.   On the other hand, social media also has some negative affects on the individuals and the society. Because of these programs, people started to prefer to communicate with others online only and not face to face becuase they find it easier to express their feelings. This kills their social skills and make them become anti-social. Furthermore, people tend to spend more time with themselves alone using social media rather than spending it with other people and even their family members. This tend to also ruin the relationships between family members.   As a conclusion, social media affected individuals and the society a lot and in both ways negatively and positively. It is true that almost everyone in the world uses social media and it affects everyone, but the individual using it can decide whether to use it in good terms or bad terms and watch whether its affect is positive or negative according to their decision.   
