#Anon_ID	81952
#Gender	Female
#School_Type	Private
#School_Language	English
#Address	Dubai city
#Campus	DXB
#Course	GEN-140
#Section	510
#Handwritten	0
#DateAdded	2019-09-02 15:05:58
#DateLastSaved	2019-09-02 15:34:37
#Topic	Social Media
#Answer
What do you think our lives will be without the existence of social media ? Social media has an enormous impact in all socities , every person alive uses social media now a days , all genders and ages. Social media can affect us negatively and positively in our daily lives. Social media is the most entertainment online applications that existes now.  Fisrt of all, people can get advantage from it in many ways, they can collect new important information from any of these applications , meet new people in social media ( online)  , chat with their friends and relatives and so on. Social media made people's life easier they can reach anyone by these applications , like whatsapp , instagram , snapchat and etc. Social media helps people to read more and do many activities online, people can share their daily lives routine and it gives us a chance to open our minds and think wisely through what we've been watching and collecting online.  Otherwise social media affects people in a negative way. Rumors are everywhere espically in social media there are alot of them , and people start to accept these rumors although they're completely wrong. Social media sometimes lead people to a wrong path, they uses false information for example of something that has happened before in their region or country. Social media can distracts students from studying and working hard , they just sit and hold their phones or laptops so they check their applications if they had any notifications in it. Using social media alot leads to mental health sometimes , the screens have electrones and these electrones might affect our eyes and they might get red and tired from the long time usage. Moreover social media can lead us to stop thinking out of the box and just rely on the information given in the applications.  In a conclusion , my opinion is to use social media and entertain yourself but dont use it for a long time so you dont get affected negatively.
