#Anon_ID	90783
#Gender	Female
#School_Type	Private
#School_Language	English
#Address	Umm Al Quwain 
#Campus	DXB
#Course	GEN-140
#Section	520
#Handwritten	0
#DateAdded	2019-09-12 15:17:45
#DateLastSaved	2019-09-12 15:47:08
#Topic	Social Media
#Answer
 Social Media   To begin with, a social media platform is an application that helps you interact with people from all over the world in a matter of seconds. Most of the applications are easily accessible due to today's technology, since all what a person needs now is a simple working smart phone or device that has access to the internet. With almost every population across the planet using social media, the world is being impacted significantly in various forms, good and bad.   With social media becoming a necessity, a person not using these applications is now considered restricted and uneducated. People share their lives with these platforms in many different ways, such as ranting on a personal blog about their problems or how their day has went, or sharing a photography of their families out on a vacation, or recording videos of themselves practicing their hobbies. Believe it or not, social media is so essential to the point where many business companies might go bankrupt if they are not able to access social applications to advertise themselves. This can be used as an example of how the world has been affected by social media. Another example of society being heavily impacted by social media would be the fact that people are so addicted to their electronic devices, that it is nearly impossible to find an average person spending less than an hour per day browsing or sharing through these modern programs. However, to determine if the effect social media has on individuals and society is good or bad depends on the usage itself. To illustrate, public speakers and politicians use social media to express their ideals and thoughts, which is very helpful for their careers. This can be thought as a positive impact since social media aids these people to continue being successful. On the other hand, some people use social media to terrorize others and leak personal information in order to make illegal money, or simply to experience the "pleasure" that comes with the fear of their victims. This can be considered a negative impact caused by social media on people. Judging from the usuage of the majority of people, social media has been mostly nothing but a modern way to help people communicate in a matter of seconds. Society and individuals have moved forward in technology and inventions due to the powerful impact social media platforms have had on people through the years.   To summirize things up, social media applications are easily accessed due to today's technology. With such an effortless method, more and more people have begun to use them as they have become a necessity for your average person. These platforms have come with positive and negative effects on society and individuals, but they have been the start of a new era with inventors and technologists. With that being said, please be careful with how you represent yourself on social media - especially with strangers - and remember to use it in a positive way that might help you grow as a person.
