#Anon_ID	80688
#Gender	Female
#School_Type	Private
#School_Language	English
#Address	Ajman
#Campus	AUH
#Course	GEN-140
#Section	37
#Handwritten	0
#DateAdded	2019-09-02 09:36:50
#DateLastSaved	2019-09-02 10:04:11
#Topic	Social Media
#Answer
      Social media is used by so many individuals. It has affected individuals and society positively and negatively. However, sometimes, social media can be unharmful, but the way you use it affects you drastically.          Social media may affect you physically, mentally and socially. It can either be a positive affect or a negative affect.  Youtube is used mostly by kids and teenagers which are the most vulnerable in society. It displays all sorts of categories like; music, cooking shows, sports, kids shows, etc.. Youtube is either healthy or unhealthy. Healthy, meaning there are people who live a healthy lifestyle that you may get influenced by. Unhealthy, meaning there are people who constantly eat junk food and live an unhealthy lifestyle which also might affect you. Constant unhealthy eating lifestyle is very popular on Youtube, it is called "Muckbang".          Mentally being affected by social media is the worst type of affect on individuals and society. It mostly has a negative affect. You can get bullied in all sorts of ways. People might bully you because of your face, style, race, accent, basically everything. Social media is known for where individuals get mental illnesses. You can be affected due to the simplest things. However, you can also become mentally happy and stable due to the positive people you have surrounding you on social media, which is unlikely to happen.         Being socially affected means you may either be very addicted to social media which may lead you to avoiding other indivduals in reality or using social media to contact individuals to meet in reality. However, people mostly get affected negatively which leaves people with no contact.       In conclusion, social media is good and very educational only if you use it correctly.
