#Anon_ID	96463
#Gender	Female
#School_Type	Government
#School_Language	Arabic
#Address	Abu Dhabi emirate, outside the city
#Campus	AUH
#Course	GEN-140
#Section	42
#Handwritten	0
#DateAdded	2019-09-04 14:01:25
#DateLastSaved	2019-09-04 14:30:22
#Topic	Social Media
#Answer
Nowadays, we can not say that we are controling our life. The fact is totally different. Our life is controlled by how people seeing us. We just act the way that they want us to and we forget to be ourselves. We are acting and showing our behaviours to other people by using social media. But in the same time some people get the real benefit from these social media and improve there selves. So, social media is a two-sided sword and depend on which side you are using it will affects our life.  For most of us. Social media made the world a small village. We can contact with diverse people. Either from the south or from the north. It becomes easier for us to understand how other people think. Or instead of doing exceptions about the people who are farway from us, we easily connect with them. Social media becomes a strong platfrom to share your ideas and let your voice to be heard. Now, we can talk about our rights or support other nations to get their heard. Sharing information, documents, pictures or even reports and news is available now!. Social media made the nation much developed. It is easy now for people to study and learn new languages. As a result, this is can improves the country's economy and will let the country get a lot of knoweldege.  As we mentioned before that social media is a two-sided sword. It can affects our life in oppostie way and runied our relastionship with others. The number of cyber bullying is getting higher than ever before. People who are suffering from back pain and eayes vision rising more quickly. It is extremely danger that we have been no longer close to our family. All these individuals affects can have a consequences to our society. People getting lazy and just want to be on their phones. The number of workers who are focused get lower than ever before.  In my opinion. Depend on how we use social media it will affects us. Either in good way by using the advantages in the right way or the bad way which is let the social enter our life and control ourselves instead of we have to control them.
